h1. Jobmarking

Jobmarking is an open-source service for saving bookmarks for the Job postings that you find interesting on the internet. And by the virtue of being a collection of 'interesting' job posts, you can find it useful to search for jobs. 

h2. Technologies used

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.13
* MongoDB version >= 2.4.2 

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.
Learn more about "Getting Started with MongoDB":http://dahotre.herokuapp.com/#/posts/514ff6cb4c827fd26e000001 or "Official MongoDB docs":http://www.mongodb.org/

h3. Development

* Template Engine: Haml
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* ORM: Mongoid

h2. Getting Started

Take a peek at the various controllers in the app. That's where all the fun is. Well, mostly. You can begin to contribute by writing good RSpec/Cucumber tests.

h4. Issues

I intend to add new features as issues in https://github.com/dahotre/Jobmarking/issues


h2. Contributing

# Fork it
# Create your feature branch (git checkout -b my-new-feature)
# Commit your changes (git commit -am 'Add some feature')
# Push to the branch (git push origin my-new-feature)
# Create new Pull Request

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

* All the contributors of the "open-source gems":https://github.com/dahotre/Jobmarking/blob/master/Gemfile.lock
* http://railscasts.com

h2. License

"The MIT License (MIT)":http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

Copyright (c) 2013, Aniket Dahotre

